---
layout: recruiting
title: Free Strategy Call
permalink: /strategy-call/
---

<div class="recruiting-page"><h1 class="join-us">Free Real Estate Business Planning Call</h1><h5 class="join-us-subtitle">Are you a hungry real estate agent looking for more?</h5><p>Dear Fellow Agent:</p><p>Need direction and focus to sell more homes?</p><p>We&rsquo;ll meet with you one-on-one to help you write a business plan you can implement immediately to generate leads, appointments, and sales.</p><p><strong>We know how challenging it is to sell real estate.</strong></p><p>You have discount brokerages, competing agents, and hundreds of ways to get clients (all are not equal, I&rsquo;ll tell you).</p><p>It can get overwhelming to stick to a consistent business plan that makes you money.</p><!-- {% include strategy-photos.html %} --><p>We are the Jelmberg Team and we&rsquo;ve sold over 1,000 homes to date.</p><p>We want to help you sell more homes.</p><p>We&rsquo;ll learn about your needs, goals, and why you started selling real estate. We're happy to offer our insight on what we would do in your situation to sell more homes.</p><p>We'll also share with you what we&rsquo;re doing that works to generate leads and make sales.</p><p>Once we understand how you like to do business that&rsquo;s authentic to you (referral, prospecting, marketing, events, etc), we&rsquo;ll help you write a business plan tailored just for you.</p><p>You&rsquo;ll walk away with a plan of action, with steps you can take right away, to find homeowners who want to sell their home and list with you.</p><p>This will help you get the commission consistency and the freedom we all want from our business.</p><hr /><div class="testimonial-inline"><p><strong>Here&rsquo;s what a few agents say about our free training:</strong></p><p class="testimonial-text indent">"What I really love about partnering with the Jelmberg Team is the structured work environment they provide team members. Having a &lsquo;Success Coach&rsquo; check up on me and keep me accountable to my goals has really helped me achieve real estate goals and level up my knowledge. The training is great and the feeling of having the support from the team backing me up makes me feel that there is no deal or situation that I cannot resolve." <span class="testimonial-author">- <strong>Michelle Biagioni</strong>, Jelmberg Team Real Estate Professional</span></p><p class="testimonial-text indent">"Working at the Jelmberg Team is great because everyone is so positive. Coming into work is fun when you like the people you work with! Also, the accountability keeps me on my toes, training keeps me sharp, and our team leader is always available to help me!" <span class="testimonial-author">- <strong>Renee Marrotte</strong>, Jelmberg Team Real Estate Professional</span></p><!-- <p class="testimonial-text indent">ª×<5s\This training is great! <span class="testimonial-author">- Bob</span></p> --></div><hr /><p>You don&rsquo;t need to pay a bunch of money to a real estate coach.</p><p>Why are we offering this?</p><p>We&rsquo;ll help you for free in return that maybe, over the long term&mdash;and only if it makes sense&mdash;you&rsquo;d like to learn more about working at our brokerage.</p><p>Let us be clear that is not the intent of the meeting. That&rsquo;s another conversation for another time and only if you have any interest.</p><p>We also figure we&rsquo;ll do business together someday and we would like to get to know you. We enjoy seeing real estate agents succeed. It&rsquo;s fulfilling, and we love it.</p><p><strong>We invite you to request a free one-on-one business strategy meeting with us.</strong> We can meet for coffee, or even if it&rsquo;s more convenient, a phone call or a video conference works, too.</p><p>We have a questionnaire we would like you fill out so that when we meet we're prepared to offer you specific advice. When you request a call, we&rsquo;ll email it to you to complete before the meeting.</p><p>Look forward to meeting with you. Let&rsquo;s grow your business.</p><p>Sincerely,</p><p>{{site.data.settings.client.name}}</p><h1 class="join-us">Request a FREE One-on-one Business Planning Meeting</h1><h5 class="join-us-subtitle">Enter your contact information to schedule your time.</h5><form method="post" class="home-value cta-forms" action="https://formspree.io/{{site.data.settings.client.email}}" onsubmit="return setReturn()"><fieldset><label for="name">Name*</label> <input type="text" required="" name="name" /> <label for="phone">Phone Number </label> <input type="tel" name="phone" /> <label for="email">Email*</label> <input type="text" required="" name="email" /> <label for="company">Company </label> <input type="text" name="company" /> <label for="city">City </label> <input type="text" name="city" /> <label for="state">State </label> <input type="text" name="state" /> <label for="message">How May I Help You?* </label><textarea name="message" required=""></textarea> <input class="submit light-light" type="submit" value="Apply Now" name="submitrecruitingForm" /> <span class="asterisk">*required</span></fieldset><div class="hidden"><input type="hidden" value="{{site.data.settings.client.email}}" name="_to" /> <input type="hidden" value="Recruiting Contact Request Message From Your Vyral Careers and Training Video Blog" name="_subject" /> <input type="text" name="_gotcha" /></div></form></div>